Initial draft of dashboard docs (#523)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/dashboard-service/02-getting-started.md

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites to registering dashboards

- You will need to be able to access the Analytical Platform Control Panel
- QuickSight author permissions are enabled for your user within Analytical Platform Control Panel
- You have created a dashboard using Quicksight

## Register dashboard in Analytical Platform Control Panel

> First go to the [QuickSight UI within Control Panel] and click the dashboards tab on the Quicksight UI. Right click on the dashboard you want to share and click Copy Link. Go to the [dashboards page] on Control Panel and click the Register a dashboard button. From here, add a dashboad name and paste the link you copied into the Dashboard URL form. The dashboard link should look something like `https://eu-west-2.quicksight.aws.amazon.com/sn/dashboards/<unique-code-here>`. Dashboard names and URLs should be unique and can be registered by one user only. Click the Register dashboard button. If your dashboard has been registered successfully, you will be taken to the dashboard management screen.
> 
> The management screen provides a link to the viewable dashboard in the dashboard service as well as other management functions such as granting admin access and de-register the dashboard from control panel. Dashboard admins can manage access to the dashboard and de-register it from the dashboard service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [QuickSight UI within Control Panel] and select the *Dashboards* tab on the QuickSight UI. 
1. Right click on the dashboard you want to share and select *Copy link*. 
1. Go to the [Dashboards page] on Control Panel and select the *Register a dashboard* button. 
1. Enter a dashboard name which is unique and descriptive. 
1. Paste the dashboard link you copied from step 2 into the Dashboard URL form. The link should look similar to this example: `https://eu-west-2.quicksight.aws.amazon.com/sn/dashboards/<unique-code-here>`. 
1. Select the *Register dashboard* button. 

If your dashboard has been registered successfully, you will be taken to the dashboard management screen.
```

> ## Managing Dashboard Access
> 
> Sharing access can be managed in two ways. The first is granting access to individuals via their email on the customer management page. Individual viewers will be sent a notificaiton email that the dashboard has been shared with them and give them instructions on how to access it. The second method is on the dashboard management page under Domain Access. By adding a domain, this will allow anyone with an email address in that domain to access your dashboard. For example, if you granted access to the justice.gov.uk domain, anybody with a justice email address would be able to access your dashboard through the dashboard service. A notification email will not be sent when granting access through a domain and you may wish to email the dashboard link to users.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing dashboard access

You can find the dashboard management screen by selecting a dashboard on the *Your Dashboards* overview. The management screen provides a link to the viewable dashboard. Dashboard admins can also find other management functions here, such as granting admin access and removing the dashboard from the Analytical Platform Control Panel. 

You can add dashboard viewers by giving access to an individual or to an email domain.

### Add an individual viewer

You can give view access to an individual by using their email address. They do not need to be an Analytical Platform Control Platform user. To do this: 
1. From the *Your Dashboards* overview, select *Manage users*.
1. Enter their email in the box above *Add user*. 
1. Select *Add user*. 

The viewer will be sent an email to notify them you've shared the dashboard with them and give instructions on how to access it. 

### Add view access for an email domain

You can also give view access for an email domain. Adding a domain allows anyone with an email address in that domain to access your dashboard. For example, if you grant access to the `justice.gov.uk` domain, anybody with a Ministry of Justice email address could access your dashboard through the dashboard service. 

To do this:
1. From the *Your Dashboards* overview, select the dashboard name. 
1. Under the *Domain access* section, select the domain. If the domain you want to add is not listed, [contact support](/./support.html). 
1. Select *Grant access*. 

The Dashboard Service does not send a notification email to users when you add view access for an email domain, so you'll need to manually send the dashboard link to users.

```

You can add dashboard viewers by giving access to an individual or to an email domain.

### Add an individual viewer

You can give view access to an individual by using their email address. They do not need to be an Analytical Platform Control Platform user. To do this: 
1. From the *Your Dashboards* overview, select *Manage users*.
1. Enter their email in the box above *Add user*. 
1. Select *Add user*. 

The viewer will be sent an email to notify them you've shared the dashboard with them and give instructions on how to access it. 

### Add view access for an email domain

You can also give view access for an email domain. Adding a domain allows anyone with an email address in that domain to access your dashboard. For example, if you grant access to the `justice.gov.uk` domain, anybody with a Ministry of Justice email address could access your dashboard through the dashboard service. 

> To do this:

Reviewer 2: Same issue rendering the bullet points, adding a linespace resolved
```suggestion
To do this:

```
